docs: rewrite the Composition API without the module as dependency and fix the fetch (#82)
storyblok/storyblok-nuxt-2: README.md

### 2. Getting Storyblok Stories and listen to Visual Editor events

#### Composition API without `@nuxtjs/composition-api`

> You don't need to install [@nuxtjs/composition-api](https://composition-api.nuxtjs.org/) if you're in the latest versions of Nuxt 2, as it comes with Vue 2.7 with Composition API support out of the box.

> The simplest way is by using the `useStoryblok` one-liner composable, which uses the [useFetch from @nuxtjs/composition-api](https://composition-api.nuxtjs.org/lifecycle/useFetch) under the hood:

Reviewer: I realize I would skip the useFetch explanation, as it might be confusing for the user

</template>
```

> #### Composition API without `@nuxtjs/composition-api`

Reviewer: I would move this section above, as I'd consider it the primary option

> > You don't need to install [@nuxtjs/composition-api](https://composition-api.nuxtjs.org/) as it's not a dependency anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You don't need to install [@nuxtjs/composition-api](https://composition-api.nuxtjs.org/) if you're in the latest versions of Nuxt 2, as it comes with Vue 2.7 with Composition API support out of the box.
```
